Re organizing Scalability section (#20741)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/linear-scalability/_index.md

- **Growing datasets**. For example, you have an IoT app or an audit database that keeps growing rapidly daily. These systems have to handle a high volume of writes regularly.
- **Changing business priorities**. Scaling needs are often unpredictable. To take one example, retail priorities shifted radically when Covid entered the picture. With a database that can scale, you can pivot quickly when the business environment shifts.
- **New geographies**. Your user base expands to new regions, and you need to add to your presence globally by adding more data centers in different continents.

Being able to scale seamlessly is as important as being able to scale. Scaling needs to be operationally simple and completely transparent to the applications. With YugabyteDB, you can start small and add nodes as needed. You can scale your data, reads, and writes without disrupting ongoing applications. As your needs grow, YugabyteDB automatically shards data and scales out. You can also scale up your cluster for short-term needs and then scale down once the need is over.

## Ways to scale

> There are 2 common ways of scaling, namely **vertical** and **horizontal**. YugabyteDB supports both vertical and horizontal scaling. Because YugabyteDB is distributed, scaling is operationally straightforward and performed without any service disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 common ways to scale, namely **vertical** and **horizontal**. YugabyteDB supports both. Because YugabyteDB is distributed, scaling is operationally straightforward and performed without any service disruption.
```

| **Disk**                | Same disks as other nodes can be used as data and connections will be distributed | Along with CPU and memory, disks should also be upgraded to handle increased workloads |

## How scaling works

Adding more nodes to a system seamlessly is the foundation of scalability. It is important to understand what happens inside YugabyteDB to get an idea of the effort and estimate the timeline needed to scale your systems. There are a few basic concepts that enable YugabyteDB to scale. Let's go over them quickly.

### Sharding

Data distribution is very critical in scaling. In YugabyteDB, data is [split (sharded)](./sharding-rebalancing) into tablets. A tablet is effectively a piece of a table and these tablets are placed on various nodes. The mapping of a row of a table to a tablet is deterministic and the system knows exactly which tablet holds a specific row.

{{<tip>}}
To learn more about the different types of sharding, see [Hash & Range sharding](../../architecture/docdb-sharding/sharding/). For an illustration of how tablets are split, see [Tablet splitting](../linear-scalability/sharding-rebalancing#tablet-splitting)
{{</tip>}}

### Rebalancing

> As your data grows, tablets are split and moved across the different nodes in the cluster to maintain a equal distribution of data across the nodes. This process is known as **Rebalancing**. Data is moved automatically, without any interruption in service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your data grows, tablets are split and moved across the different nodes in the cluster to maintain an equal distribution of data across the nodes. This process is known as _Rebalancing_. Data is moved automatically, without any interruption in service.
```
